{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MVBoli;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One difficult task for budding scientific writers is determining what goes in a Results vs. a Discussion section. Even at the professional level, different scientific journals may have somewhat different expectations for how much interpretation is appropriate in the Results. A good rule of thumb in most contexts is to draw technical conclusions in the Results, but save scientific conclusions for the Discussion. An alternative framework that should yield similar writing choices is to focus on relatively certain conclusions in the Results, and save more speculative (but still supported!) conclusions for the Discussion.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Example of a technical conclusion: "Sequence alignment revealed that both mutants exhibited mutations in at least one of the expected sites and thus were consistent with the possible nucleotide changes that could occur with the library used."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Example of a scientific conclusion: "A previously reported model proposes that the OmpR-P phosphatase reaction occurs by hydrolysis rather than direct phosphotransfer from H557 (Hsing 1997). Our mutant is consistent with a change to the structure of EnvZ that facilitates this hydrolysis reaction, thus increasing phosphatase activity while concurrently reducing kinase activity."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The purpose of the results section is to present your data in a relatively unbiased way, but with some guiding framework. Begin with a short description of the goal and strategy of your overall experiment, and then delve into specific sub-sections that describe each piece of the work.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Titled sub-sections}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  help create a high-level narrative and thus improve readability of dense papers. Effective sub-sections are organised by functional content, not by what you did each day in lab. For example, two successive titles might be "Conjugating lymphoid tissue-associated adhesion proteins to hydrogels" and "T cell migration in protein-coated hydrogels." Less helpful titles for the same content would be "Hydrogel-protein reaction" and "Microscopy and velocity analysis."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To write the results section, use the figures and tables as a guide. One approach you might take is to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 start by outlining, in point form, what you found, going slowly through each part of the figures. Then take the points and group them into paragraphs, and finally order the points within each paragraph.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Present the data as fully as possible, including stuff that does not quite make sense at first glance. Ultimately, each sub-section should }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 begin with an overview sentence that introduces the present experiment and end with a sentence stating the primary conclusion reached from that experiment}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . (Sub-section headings and figure caption titles can also emphasise said conclusion.) The overview and/or concluding sentences should also provide a transition to the previous/next piece of data when possible. Within a sub-section, be sure to stick to one topic per paragraph; sub-sections will generally require a few paragraphs each.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Note that verbs in the results section are usually in the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 past tense}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . Only established scientific knowledge is written about in the present tense, "the world is round," for example. You cannot presume that your own data are part of the body of established scientific knowledge, and so when you describe your own results, use the past tense, "a band of 1.3 kb was seen," for example. There are, however, exceptions to this general rule. It is acceptable to say, "Table 3 shows the sizes of the DNA fragments in our preparation." It is also acceptable to say, "In a 1991 paper, Ebright and coworkers used PCR to mutagenize DNA."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Describes any transformation made on the data (e.g. from HIT and FA, compute d\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Explain any data that were eliminated from the analysis}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  Statistics: names any statistics used, gives statistical significance of the results}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  BE CAREFUL: focus on describing the data, not the statistics.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  State the effect of variable X (or interaction) was significant:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  (F(1,117)=4.71, p < .05). P values used in articles are: p < .05, p < .01, p < .02, p < .001, p < .0001.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  Do not write the F value if the statistics is not significant (say: effect of factor X was not significant. When F < 1, sometimes people say so)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  For a 2 x 2 design, states the 3 statistics IF RELEVANT, and put the mean of the conditions in the text}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  Does not let description of statistics substitute for a description of results}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  Generally avoid describing trends or data points that are not statistically significant }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Use a graph or a table (not both) to present a set of data}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  State principal findings clearly: a difficult part: depending on the results, you will emphasise some hypothesis/statistics, and/or absence of effects. A case by case}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  Avoid description of individual subjects}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  Does not repeat in the text details information found in table or figure }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Clearly states whether hypotheses were supported}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  Interpret results: only interpret significant results: if only the interaction is significant, only interpret the interaction.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  Write very very clearly}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  Avoids introducing further results}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  Did I say to be clear? }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The RESULTS section is dedicated to presenting the actual results (i.e. measured and calculated quantities), not to discussing their meaning or interpretation. The results should be summarised using appropriate Tables and Figures (graphs or schematics). Every Figure and Table should have a legend that describes concisely what is contained or shown. Figure legends go below the figure, table legends above the table. Throughout the report, but especially in this section, pay attention to reporting numbers with an appropriate number of significant figures. A formal error analysis (such as, perhaps, was done in Physics lab) is not necessary. Still, features of the data-taking and processing that may have especially contributed to errors should be pointed out. One classical example is the taking of small differences between large numbers; for instance, 11.5+0.2 - 10.8+ 0.3 yields a very large fractional error (about 70 %) on the resulting difference, 0.7+0.5. Another procedure that usually increases error is numerical differentiation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This section should include a summary of the results of the investigation or experiment together with any necessary diagrams, graphs or tables of gathered data that support your results. Present your results in a logical order without comment. Discussion of your results should take place in the main body (Discussion) of the report. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Present the results, usually with accompanying tables and graphs. Characterise the patterns and quality of the results and estimate their accuracy and precision. Detailed data go to an appendix. Use analytical graphics.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the results section of a report, describe all appropriate information produced by the research procedures. Simply present data and estimates of their accuracy. Save the explanation and interpretation of these findings for the discussion section, which usually follows the results section. In short documents, however, the results and discussion sections may be combined into a single section.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Results sections make extensive use of graphs and figures to present data effectively. Order information by its importance to your audience's purpose in reading the document. State all significant findings in the text, referring to tables and graphs displaying all significant data. If the study has produced a large amount of raw data, do not present all of it in the results section. Instead, present only the information most appropriate to your audience's purpose in reading the document, summarising other key information in graphs and figures. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 If appropriate, include your raw data in an appendix, referring to them within your text.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Sub-sections by key points}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Start with overview sentence}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - End with conclusion sentence}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Smooth transition}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Description}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Significance}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - Results}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - Variables}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Data (not statistics)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - Environment}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - Trend}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - Comparison}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - Accuracy and precision}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Edge cases}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - Elimination}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - Deviation and error}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Emphasis}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - Important results}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - Principle findings}}