{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 1.4 Recent Machine Learning in Digital Signal Processing\
We are facing a totally new era inDSP. In this new  scenario, the particular characteristics of signals and data are challenging the traditional signal-processing technologies. Signal and data streams are now massive, unreliable, unstructured, and barely fit standard statistical assumptions about the underlying system. The recent advances in interdisciplinary research are of paramount importance to develop new technologies able to deal with the new scenario. Powerful approaches have been designed for advanced signal processing, which can be implemented thanks to continuous advances in fast comput- ing (which is becoming increasingly inexpensive) and algorithmic developments.\
\
1.4.1 Traditional Signal Assumptions Are No Longer Valid\
Standard signal-processing models have traditionally relied on the rather simplifying and strong assumptions of linearity, Gaussianity, stationarity, circularity, causality, and uniform sampling. These models provide mathematical tractability and simple and fast algorithms, but they also constrain their performance and applicability. Current approaches try to get rid of these approximations in a number of ways: \

\f1\b by widely using models that are intrinsically nonlinear and nonparametric; \
by encoding the relations between the signal and noise (which are often modeled and no longer considered Gaussian independent and identically distributed (i.i.d.) noise); \
by using new approaches to treat the non circularity and non stationarity properties of signals; \
by learning in anti- causal systems, which is an important topic of control theory; and, in some situations, since the acquired signals and data streams are fundamentally unstructured, \
by not assuming uniform sampling of the representation domain. 
\f0\b0 \
\
It is also important to take into account the increasing diversity of data. For example, large and unstructured text and multimedia datasets stored in the Internet and the increasing use of social network media produce masses of unstructured heterogeneous data streams. Techniques for document classification, part-of-speech tagging, multimedia tagging or classification, together with massive data-processing techniques (known as \'93big data\'94 techniques) relying on machine-learning theory try to get rid of unjustified assumptions about the data-generation mechanisms.\
}