{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat4\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat9\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 These tags get replaced with the information set in the Metadata pane of Compile. Alternatively, you can simply replace this text altogether.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The title page should contain the following information: 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa266\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Title of the dissertation. The title should remain the same on all the docu- ments. It should ideally be in typescript or black ink and in block letters. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Name of the author. This should include the first name, middle name and sur- name. This should match the name you have provided in the university records. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Previous academic credentials (qualifications) of the author. These are written in \uc0\u8232 descending chronological order and each qualification is written in a single line. An example is shown below:\u8232 
\f2\i M.S (General Surgery), Pondicherry University, 2007\uc0\u8232 MBBS (Pondicherry University), 2003 
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8232 However, in some universities, only the name of the candidate without academic \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 qualifications is put on the title page. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa266\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The degree award title for which the dissertation is presented. This should be written in the form of a statement which reads as \'93...in partial fulfillment of... (write the name of the course or degree)\uc0\u8232 For example: \u8232 
\f2\i Dissertation submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the Doctorate of Philosophy 
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Institution or Department in which the work was carried out. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The month and year during which it is submitted for examination (or re-presentation in the case of a dissertation that is to be re-examined). \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If there is more than one volume that is submitted, then the Title page should \uc0\u8232 state the total number of volumes and the particular volume. \u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A Copyright Statement that should include your name, year and name of the \uc0\u8232 university\u8232 For example:\u8232 
\f2\i \'a9 Dr Arvind Gupta, 2010, Pondicherry University 
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 However, this is not mandatory in all the university guidelines. 
\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa266\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ReuseStatement.Thisclarifiesthetermsofreproducingthework.Thecopyright usually rests with the author or the Department in which the work is carried out. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A Declaration Statement is usually placed in the page following Title page that outlines a statement signed by the candidate that states, \'93Except where indi- cated by specific reference within the dissertation, the work submitted for examination is the result of the candidate\'92s own investigation and the views expressed are those of the candidate\'94. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TheDeclarationStatementshouldalsoincludeasignedstatementbythecandidate that states, \'93No portion of the work presented in this dissertation has been submitted in substance for any other degree or award at this university or any other university, nor is being submitted concomitantly in candidature for any degree or other award\'94. \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}