{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-BoldItalic;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f6\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::2><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\b\fs40 Site Dynamic Response\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb200\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><!$Scr_H::2><$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f3\i\b\fs26 References\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \cf2 <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>
\f0 Ambraseys, N. N. (1959). ANote of the response of an elastic overburden of varying rigidity to an arbitrary ground motion. 
\f4\i Bulletin - Seismological Society of America
\f0\i0 , 
\f4\i 49
\f0\i0 (3), 211\'96220.\cf0 \
Tsai, N. C., & Housner, G. W. (1970). Calculation of surface motions of a layered half-space by n. c. tsai and g. w. housner. Bulletin - Seismological Society of America, 60(5), 1625\'961651.\
Charara, I. (2019). Seismic response of n-layered soil\uc0\u8239 : Exact analytical closed-form solution. 1698\'961706.\
Tsai, C. C., & Liu, P. C. (2019). Site response analysis to evaluate vertical-to-horizontal spectrum ratio. 3(M), 5345\'965352.\
Tromans, I. J., & Bard, P. Y. (2019). Inverted pendulum effect due to deep shear-wave velocity reversal identified using microtremor H/V. 3577\'963584.\
Charara, I. (2019). Seismic response of n-layered soil\uc0\u8239 : Exact analytical closed-form solution. 1698\'961706.\
Rodriguez-marek, A., Bray, J. D., & Abrahamson, N. (1999). Characterization of Site Response General Site Categories.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li640\fi-640\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<!$Scr_Ps::2>
\f5 Faccioli, E., Vanini, M., & Frassine, L. (2002). "Complex\'94 site effects in earthquake ground motion, including topography. 
\f6\i 12th European Conference on Earthquake Engineering, Paper No.844
\f5\i0 , 23.\
}