{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb200\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::2><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs32 Parte I: Procesamiento de Series Temporales \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>
\fs22 \
Andreas Antoniou, P. D. (2018). Digital Filters: Analysis, Design, and Signal Processing Applications. \
Arias, J., & Bl\'e1zquez, R. (2008). Accuracy Of Time Integration Procedures For Seismic Response Of Linear Oscillators. 14th World Conference on Earthquake Engineering.\
Charara, I. (2019). Seismic response of n-layered soil\uc0\u8239 : Exact analytical closed-form solution. 1698\'961706.\
Enochson, L. D., & Otnes, R. K. (1965). Digital spectral analysis. In 
\f2\i SAE Technical Papers
\f0\i0 . \
Faccioli, E., Vanini, M., & Frassine, L. (2002). "Complex\'94 site effects in earthquake ground motion, including topography. 12th European Conference on Earthquake Engineering, Paper No.844, 23.\
Gavin, H. P. (2018). Numerical Integration in Structural Dynamics.\
Giron-Sierra, J. M. (2017). Digital Signal Processing with Matlab Examples, Volume 3. In Electronics \{&\} Communications Engineering Journal (Vol. 5, Issue 1).\
Graizer, V., & Commission, U. S. N. R. (2016). Determination of the true ground displacement by using strong motion records. January 1979.\
Hancock, J., & Bommer, J. J. (2005). The effective number of cycles of earthquake ground motion. 
\f2\i Earthquake Engineering and Structural Dynamics
\f0\i0 , 
\f2\i 34
\f0\i0 (6), 637\'96664. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1002/eqe.437"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1002/eqe.437}}\
Heinzel, G., R\'fcdiger, A., & Schilling, R. (2002). Spectrum and spectral density estimation by the Discrete Fourier transform (DFT). 
\f2\i MPG Publication Repository
\f0\i0 , 1\'9684.\
Johnson, S. G., Mathematics, M. I. T. A., & April, C. (2011). Notes on FFT-based differentiation. 1\'9611.\
L., R. J., Martinez, M., & J.Mu\'f1oz. (n.d.). Digital Signal Processing with Kernel Methods.\
Last, M., Kandel, A., & Bunke, H. (n.d.). Data Mining in Time Series Databases.\
Lee, E., & Varaiya, P. (2003). Sampling and Reconstruction.\
Lee, H. S., Hong, Y. H., & Park, H. W. (2010). Design of an FIR filter for the displacement reconstruction using measured acceleration in low-frequency dominant structures. November 2009, 403\'96434. \
Li, H., Zheng, S., Song, C., & Feng, Q. (2013). Recovering Seismic Displacements from Underground Strong-Motion Acceleration Records of the 2011 M W 9 . 0 Tohoku Earthquake in Japan. 674, 1418\'961422. \
Margrave, G. F. (2006). Methods of Seismic Data Processing.\
Rainer, J. (1986). Applications of the Fourier transform to the processing of vibration signals. Building Research Note, 233, 24.\
Tsai, N. C., & Housner, G. W. (1970). Calculation of surface motions of a layered half-space. Bulletin - Seismological Society of America, 60(5), 1625\'961651.\
Valley, G. (n.d.). 
\f2\i Peak Particle Velocity vs . the Richter Scale
\f0\i0 .\
\
\

\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}