{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green76\blue180;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \
\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sa2640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 Author\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\fs22 A Thesis in the Field of \cf0 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 for the Degree of Master of Liberal Arts in Extension Studies\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb960\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\fs22 Harvard University\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0  \
\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb13560\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Copyright 20XX [Author\'92s Name]\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Abstract\
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 To insert Abstract text here, select this text and then either type the text you wish to use or paste text from another document, being sure to keep the text only and not the formatting from the previous document. To keep text only, choose Paste, and then from the drop-down box that will appear, choose the Keep Text Only option on the right, with the icon of a clipboard and the letter A.\cb1 \
\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Frontispiece (optional)\
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 To insert Frontispiece image here, select this text and choose Pictures on the Insert tab of the ribbon. If using the Frontispiece, please delete the word \'93(optional)\'94 from the header above.\cb1 \
\cb4 To delete this or any other unwanted section, select it in its entirety, including the title and the Section Break, and press Backspace or Delete. To see the Section Break, show formatting symbols by clicking the \'b6 button in the Paragraph section of the Home ribbon, or by pressing Ctrl+Shift+8. Repeat the command to hide them again. Failure to delete the Section Break along with the text will result in a superfluous blank page; accidentally deleting a Section Break you didn\'92t intend to will remove the page break between sections.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Author\'92s Biographical Sketch (optional)\
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 To insert Biographical Sketch text here, select this text and then either type the text you wish to use or paste text from another document, being sure to keep the text only and not the formatting from the previous document. To keep text only, choose Paste, and then from the drop-down box that will appear, choose the Keep Text Only option on the right, with the icon of a clipboard and the letter A. If using the Biographical Sketch, please delete the word \'93(optional)\'94 from the header above.\cb1 \
\cb4 To delete this or any other unwanted section, select it in its entirety, including the title and the Section Break, and press Backspace or Delete. To see the Section Break, show formatting symbols by clicking the \'b6 button in the Paragraph section of the Home ribbon, or by pressing Ctrl+Shift+8. Repeat the command to hide them again. Failure to delete the Section Break along with the text will result in a superfluous blank page; accidentally deleting a Section Break you didn\'92t intend to will remove the page break between sections.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Dedication \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 To insert Dedication text here, select this text and then either type the text you wish to use or paste text from another document, being sure to keep the text only and not the formatting from the previous document. To keep text only, choose Paste, and then from the drop-down box that will appear, choose the Keep Text Only option on the right, with the icon of a clipboard and the letter A. If using the Dedication, please delete the word \'93(optional)\'94 from the header above.\cb1 \
\cb4 To delete this or any other unwanted section, select it in its entirety, including the title and the Section Break, and press Backspace or Delete. To see the Section Break, show formatting symbols by clicking the \'b6 button in the Paragraph section of the Home ribbon, or by pressing Ctrl+Shift+8. Repeat the command to hide them again. Failure to delete the Section Break along with the text will result in a superfluous blank page; accidentally deleting a Section Break you didn\'92t intend to will remove the page break between sections.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Acknowledgments (optional)\
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 To insert Frontispiece text here, select this text and then either type the text you wish to use or paste text from another document, being sure to keep the text only and not the formatting from the previous document. To keep text only, choose Paste, and then from the drop-down box that will appear, choose the Keep Text Only option on the right, with the icon of a clipboard and the letter A. If using the Acknowledgments section, please delete the word \'93(optional)\'94 from the header above. Note: if you are acknowledging only one person, please change the title above to read \'93Acknowledgment.\'94\cb1 \
\cb4 To delete this or any other unwanted section, select it in its entirety, including the title and the Section Break, and press Backspace or Delete. To see the Section Break, show formatting symbols by clicking the \'b6 button in the Paragraph section of the Home ribbon, or by pressing Ctrl+Shift+8. Repeat the command to hide them again. Failure to delete the Section Break along with the text will result in a superfluous blank page; accidentally deleting a Section Break you didn\'92t intend to will remove the page break between sections.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Table of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A542B322-E362-4D4D-B6D2-F86C77759878"}}{\fldrslt Contents}}\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Frontispiece (optional)	ii\
Author\'92s Biographical Sketch (optional)	ii\
Dedication	ii\
Acknowledgments (optional)	ii\
List of Tables (optional)	ii\
List of Figures (optional)	ii\
Chapter I. About Chapters	2\
Chapter II. Chapter Styles	2\
\pard\li720\fi-720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Heading 3, SectionTitle/A-Head	2\
\pard\li1440\fi-1440\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Heading 4, B-Head	2\
B-Head Style	2\
B-Head Style	2\
C-Head Style and Accompanying Paragraph	2\
\pard\li2160\fi-2160\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Body Text with C-Head	2\
\pard\li1440\fi-1440\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Numbered List Style	2\
Bulleted List Style	2\
Block Quote Style	2\
Figures	2\
\pard\li2160\fi-2160\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Figure Title Style.	2\
Figure Description Style.	2\
\pard\li1440\fi-1440\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Tables	2\
\pard\li2160\fi-2160\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Table Title Style.	2\
Table Cell Style.	2\
Table Description Style.	2\
\pard\li720\fi-720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Styles Used in Other Parts of the Document	2\
\pard\li1440\fi-1440\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Title Style	2\
Author Style	2\
Centered Text Style	2\
Harvard,Month,Year Style	2\
Copyright Style	2\
No-TOC-Heading Style	2\
Bibliography Entry Style	2\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Appendix 1. Title	2\
Appendix 2. Title	2\
References	2\
\
\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 List of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8C77CFBA-30C5-4AE5-89B1-B78F192D7966"}}{\fldrslt Tables }}({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B81B3965-22F4-4FFF-93C1-8412F1A10E67"}}{\fldrslt optional}})\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \ul Table 1. Table Title.\cf0 \ulnone 	2\
\cf2 \ul Table 2. Table Title\cf0 \ulnone 	2\
\
\
\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 List of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A5DB9E39-3087-4694-A174-A08992A99A2C"}}{\fldrslt Figures }}({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D0A47354-5E5B-4D4B-9B77-D478435C0E7D"}}{\fldrslt optional}})\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \ul Figure 1. Figure Title.\cf0 \ulnone 	2\
\cf2 \ul Figure 2. Figure Title\cf0 \ulnone 	2\
\
\
\
\pard\tx990\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Chapter {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://20ADB6A1-120F-4AC1-9A94-18A342DD6C50"}}{\fldrslt I}}.\uc0\u8232 About Chapters\
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 There are two ways to add a new chapter. First, you can simply type the name of your new chapter on a separate line and apply the\'a0
\f3\i Chapter Title
\f0\i0 \'a0(or\'a0
\f3\i Heading 2
\f0\i0 ) style. That will automatically drop your chapter title down to the next page and you may then begin your next chapter. Alternatively, you can copy this section, from the chapter title down to the section break, and then paste it immediately following the section break.\cb1 \
\cb4 Whether you need a section break is largely determined by what you plan to do with the structure of your thesis. If you need more than one column (say, for columns of statistics), for example, you\'92ll want a section break, then another to switch back to one column.\cb1 \
\cb4 To insert a new section break, go to the\'a0
\f4\b Layout 
\f0\b0 tab in the Ribbon. In the Page Setup section, choose the\'a0
\f3\i Breaks
\f0\i0 \'a0dropdown menu; from the second half of the list, choose\'a0
\f3\i Section Break: Next Page
\f0\i0 \'a0or\'a0
\f3\i Section Break: Continuous
\f0\i0 \'a0if you don\'92t want a page break.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Chapter {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://69206129-DCC7-478F-8280-0EEE33E6F510"}}{\fldrslt II}}.\uc0\u8232 Chapter Styles\
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 There are several styles that are used within chapters that you\'92ll need to know how to use. Other styles in the document are used in specific circumstances only, but we\'92ll cover those later. \cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 Heading 3, SectionTitle/A-Head\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 The Chapter Title or \'93Major heading\'94 style (shown in the Quick Styles menu as \'93Ch Title\'94) is used at the beginning of each chapter, including the appendices. For an example, see \'93Chapter 1 About Chapters\'94 above. The first line of the title text will always begin 2\'94 from the top of the page. The style immediately following the Chapter Title style will default to the Body Text style, to be used for the introduction of the chapter.\cb1 \
\cb4 Chapter titles will automatically be included in the Table of Contents, but in order for them to appear after they\'92re first added, you\'92ll need to right-click on the TOC and choose \'93Update entire table.\'94 To ensure that the chapter title is formatted correctly both on the page and in the corresponding TOC entry, there are two commands you\'92ll need to use for each:\cb1 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}In the TOC entry for Chapter 1, you\'92ll notice that there\'92s a half-inch space between the words \'93Chapter 1:\'94 and the chapter title. This is accomplished by using a Tab character in the title itself. The Chapter Title style has been designed so that this Tab character will not interfere with the centering of the header and therefore will not appear to be present on this page at all; if the TOC entry does not contain that half-inch space, remember to add a Tab character.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}In the Chapter 1 example above, you\'92ll notice that the chapter title falls on two different lines, with the words \'93Chapter 1:\'94 on the first line and the chapter title itself on the second line. If you use the Enter key to separate these (called a \'93hard return\'94), they will appear much farther apart on the page and will appear in the TOC as two separate entries. To prevent this, you\'92ll need to use what\'92s called a \'93soft-return\'94 by pressing Shift + Enter (just after the Tab character mentioned previously). This command tells the computer that you want the second line to be considered part of the same header or paragraph even as it appears on a new line.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>Heading 4, B-Head\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The Section Title or A-Head style (shown in the Quick Styles menu as \'93Sect Title\'94) is used as a header for a section within a chapter. For an example, see \'93Chapter Styles\'94 above. Note: there should always be introductory text for the chapter before the Section Title. The style immediately following the Section Title style will default to the Body Text style, to be used for the introduction of the section.\cb1 \
\cb4 Section titles will automatically be added to the Table of Contents, directly below the previous chapter title and with a half-inch indent, each time you update the whole TOC.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>B-Head Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The B-Head style (shown in the Quick Styles menu as \'93B-Head\'94) is used as a header for a subsection within a section of a chapter. For an example, see \'93B-Head Style\'94 above. Note: there should always be introductory text for the section before the B-Head. The style immediately following the B-Head style will default to the Body Text style, to be used for the introduction of the subsection.\cb1 \
\cb4 B-Heads will automatically be added to the Table of Contents, directly below the previous section title and with a one-inch indent, each time you update the whole TOC.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>B-Head Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The Body Text style (shown in the Quick Styles menu as \'93Body Text\'94) is used for standard paragraph styles. This paragraph is using the Body Text style; the default style for the next paragraph is also Body Text.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>C-Head Style and Accompanying Paragraph\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The C-Head style (shown in the Quick Styles menu as \'93C-Head\'94) is used as a header for a subsection within a subsection. For example:\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Body Text with C-Head
\f0\fs22 \ulnone . This is a C-Head and accompanying paragraph. Note that the C-Head is on the same line as the rest of the paragraph; it\'92s not indented; and there is no additional space before the C-Head as there is with other headers.\
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 C-Heads will automatically be added to the Table of Contents, directly below the previous subsection title and with a 1.5-inch indent, each time you update the whole TOC.\cb1 \
\cb4 To apply the C-Head style, select the paragraph to which it belongs and click on the \'93Body Text w/ C-Head\'94 style in the Quick Styles menu; then select the C-Head itself and click on the \'93C-Head\'94 style.\cb1 \
\cb4 Remember, there should always be introductory text for the subsection before the C-Head. The style immediately following the C-Head style will default to the Body Text style.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>Numbered List Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 To create a numbered list, select the lines of text which you want to make a list (whether they\'92re already in a Word list structure or not) and choose the \'93Numbered List\'94 style in the Quick Styles menu. If the list was in a Word list structure previously, it will simply update the styles. If the list was previously formatted by hand, you will need to check that list items begin and end at the correct points and that any typed numbering is removed.\cb1 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\sl480\slmult1\sa240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 {\listtext	1.	}This is the Numbered list style.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb4 {\listtext	2.	}To add a list item, simply hit Enter at the end of the previous list item.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb4 {\listtext	3.	}To end the list, hit Enter and then select the \'93Body Text\'94 style from the Quick Styles menu.\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 If you wish to create a second numbered list, follow the directions for creating a list above, then right-click on the list and choose \'93Restart at 1.\'94 If this does not work, right-click and choose \'93Set Numbering Value\'94 and set it to create a new list starting from 1. If either of these methods creates a list starting with 1 but with the second item in the list continuing numbering from a previous list, you may need to right-click on that second item and again choose \'93Set Numbering Value,\'94 this time choosing to start from 2.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>Bulleted List Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 To create a bulleted list, select the lines of text which you want to make a list (whether they\'92re already in a Word list structure or not) and choose the \'93Bulleted List\'94 style in the Quick Styles menu. If the list was in a Word list structure previously, it will simply update the styles. If the list was previously formatted by hand, you will need to check that list items begin and end at the correct points and that any typed bullets are removed.\cb1 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}This is the Bulleted list style.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb4 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}To add a list item, simply hit Enter at the end of the previous list item.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb4 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}To end the list, hit Enter and then select the \'93Body Text\'94 style from the Quick Styles menu.\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 This is what some body text after a bulleted list would look like.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>Block Quote Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The Block Quote Style is used for quoting large selections of text, rather than a word or phrase.\cb1 \
\pard\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2 Blockquotes are further indented to distinguish them from body text. They\'92re also single-spaced rather than double-spaced.\cb1 \
\cb4 A multi-paragraph block quote will look like this, with a space between the paragraphs to differentiate them.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable><!$Scr_Ps::1>
\f2 Figures\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 To insert a figure, place your cursor at the beginning of the Figure Title line. You can either copy and paste a figure into the document or use the Insert Pictures command in the Insert ribbon. Once you have the image inserted, click on the picture and select the dropdown menu that appears: make sure the \'93In Line With Text\'94 option is selected, in order to keep the picture aligned properly and associated with the correct text. Example (the gray box is merely a placeholder to show you how it should look):\cb1 \
\cb4 In order not to be drawn into your Table of Figures, you need to assign your figure its own paragraph and style. Click to the right of the figure, making sure your cursor is to the left of the paragraph marker, and select 
\f3\i Figure
\f0\i0  from the Styles list.\cb1 \
\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 Figure 1. Figure Title.\cb1 \
\pard\sa800\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 Description of Figure 1, legend brief citation, etc.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\fs24 \cf0 \ul Figure Title Style.
\f0\fs22 \ulnone  The Figure Title style, which appears in the Quick Styles menu as \'93Figure Title,\'94 is used to name a figure in a way that will appear in the TOC. The title will automatically be added to the List of Figures following an update of the entire table. Remember to place a tab between the figure number and the title, as shown above, in order to preserve formatting in the TOC. Note: the style of the paragraph following Figure Title defaults to Figure Description.\

\f2\fs24 \ul Figure Description Style.
\f0\fs22 \ulnone  The Figure Description style, which appears in the Quick Styles menu as \'93Figure Description,\'94 is used to briefly describe the accompanying figure; the space after it separates it from the body text below the figure.\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>Tables\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 Tables can copied and pasted from another document or created in the Word document itself using the Insert Table command on the Insert tab of the ribbon. A sample table:\cb1 \
\pard\sb480\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 Table 1. Table Title.\cb1 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 Lorem ipsum\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Augue vel tellus\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sed sagittis\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Est blandit\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sed est\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\sb120\sa800\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb1 Table description style, legend, brief citation etc.\
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 Following insertion using either method, table styles should be applied as follows.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \ul Table Title Style.
\f0\fs22 \ulnone  The Table Title should come immediately before the table itself; the style appears in the Quick Styles menu as \'93Table Title,\'94 In order to preserve formatting of the TOC entry, insert a Tab character between the table number and the table title, as shown above.\

\f2\fs24 \ul Table Cell Style.
\f0\fs22 \ulnone  To apply this style to the table cells, highlight the table and choose \'93Table Cell\'94 from the Quick Styles menu. The default will be to left-align the text inside the cells; to center text, as in the second and third columns above, you can simply select those cells and choose Center. To control vertical alignment as necessary, select the applicable cells and choose the Layout tab that appears in the ribbon. On the right in the Alignment section, choose the graphic that matches the alignment you prefer, from top left to bottom right to centered horizontally and vertically.\

\f2\fs24 \ul Table Description Style.
\f0\fs22 \ulnone  The Table Description style, shown in the Quick Styles menu as \'93Table Description,\'94 is used to format the brief description of the table immediately following said table. This style also includes space after to differentiate it from later paragraphs.\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 Styles Used in Other Parts of the Document\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>Title Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The only time the Title style is used is on the first page of the document. It is exactly 2\'94 from the top of the document.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>Author Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The Author style is also used only on the first page of the document and begins exactly 2\'94 below the title.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>Centered Text Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The Centered Text style is to be used on the first page for the Degree information.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>Harvard,Month,Year Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The Harvard,Month,Year style is for use on the front page for the University name and the month and year of graduation.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>Copyright Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The Copyright style is for use on the second page for copyright information.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>No-TOC-Heading Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The No-TOC-Heading style is for use when chapter-type headings should not be included in the table of contents, such as the Abstract. Its appearance is exactly the same as the Chapter Title style but will not be included when the table of contents is updated.\cb1 \
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb520\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 <$ScrKeepWithNextSplittable>Bibliography Entry Style\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The Bibliography Entry style is single-spaced with a double-space between entries and has a hanging indent of one-half inch. The sample text includes only a few examples of different style guides for different types of document: please be sure to format your bibliography entries using the style guide required for your thesis type.\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Appendix 1.\uc0\u8232 Title\
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The following tables can be copied and pasted into other sections of this document, then changed to the appropriate size and filled with content.\cb1 \
\cb4 To add a row, hover your mouse to the left of one of the gray lines between or after rows; to add a column, hover your mouse above one of the gray lines between or after columns. In either case, a thicker line will appear with a \'93+\'94 sign at the top; click this to add a row or column. Note that when doing so, the width of columns and height of rows will distribute evenly.\cb1 \
\cb4 To delete cells, highlight them and right-click, choosing the Delete Cells option. This will give you two types of options: you can delete only the highlighted cells and choose whether to move the remaining cells up or left; or you can delete the entire row or column that the highlighted cells belong to.\cb1 \
\pard\sb480\sa120\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb4 Table 2. Table Title\cb1 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 Lorem ipsum\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Augue vel tellus\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sed sagittis\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Est blandit\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3120\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt220 \clpadl220 \clpadb280 \clpadr220 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sed est\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\sb120\sa800\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb1 Table description style\
\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\sb720\sa520\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Appendix 2.\uc0\u8232 Title\
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 The following is placeholder text to show you how an appendix might fill out with an image, figure title and description. Delete and replace with your own as necessary.\cb1 \
\
\pard\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 Figure 2. Figure Title\cb1 \
\pard\sa800\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\fs22 \cf0 \cb4 Sample text for Figure 2 description\cb1 \
\pard\fi720\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \cb4 We hope that this thesis template helps you to concentrate on the substance of your writing as opposed to spending time on formatting details, and that your thesis work goes as well as possible for you!\cb1 \
\cb4 Note that you should use just one of the following reference styles, depending on which format style your Thesis Director has asked you to use.  If you have any questions about the correcting formatting for the many different types of sources you might be referencing (e.g. books, articles, online articles, newspaper articles) then check with a publication manual for the particular reference style you are using, and/or use a reference generation program such as Zotero or Refworks. \cb1 \
\
\pard\li720\fi-720\sa240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \cb4 Last Name, Full First Name. 
\f5\i Basic MLA Style Only
\f2\i0 . City: Publisher, Year. Print.\cb1 \
\cb4 Last Name, First and Middle Initials (Year). 
\f5\i Basic APA Style Only.
\f2\i0  City, State Abbreviation: Publisher.\cb1 \
\cb4 Last Name, First Name. 
\f5\i Basic CMS Style Only, Requires Footnotes or Endnotes.
\f2\i0  Place of publication: Publisher, Year.}