{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb200\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::2><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs32 Parte III: Predicci\'f3n de la respuesta s\'edsmica
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>
\fs22 \
Baker, J. W. (2007). Correlation of ground motion intensity parameters used for predicting structural and geotechnical response. 
\f3\i Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Applications of Statistics and Probability
\f0\i0 , 501\'96502.\
Bertero, R. D., & Asce, M. (n.d.). ACCEPTABILITY CHECKS FOR PERFORMANCE-BASED SEISMIC DESIGN. 1\'9617.\
Chambers, M. J. (1995). The simulation of random vector time series with given spectrum. 
\f3\i Mathematical and Computer Modelling
\f0\i0 , 
\f3\i 22
\f0\i0 (2), 1\'966. https://doi.org/10.1016/0895-7177(95)00106-C\
Conte, J. P., & Peng, B. F. (1997). Fully nonstationary analytical earthquake ground-motion model. 
\f3\i Journal of Engineering Mechanics
\f0\i0 , 
\f3\i 123
\f0\i0 (1), 15\'9624. https://doi.org/10.1061/(ASCE)0733-9399(1997)123:1(15)\
Conte, J. P., Pandit, H., Stewart, J. P., & Wallace, J. W. (2003). 
\f3\i Ground motion intensity measures for performance-based earthquake engineering
\f0\i0 . 
\f3\i 2
\f0\i0 (1), 1465\'961472. \
Dabaghi, M., & Kiureghian, A. Der. (2014).  Stochastic Modeling and Simulation of Near-Fault Ground Motions for Performance-Based Earthquake Engineering. \
Geisser, S. (n.d.). Models of Parametric Statistical Inference. Wiley.\
Hardle, W., & Mammen, E. (1993). Comparing Nonparametric Versus Parametric Regression Fits. The Annals of Mathematical Statistics, 21(4), 1926\'961947.\
Hollander, M., Wolfe, D. A., & Chicken, E. (n.d.). Nonparametric Statistical Methods. Wiley.\
Lee, V., & Trifunac, M. (1995). 
\f3\i CE 95-03 - Frequency Dependent Attenuation Function
\f0\i0 .\
Perez Ruiz, D. A. (2016). Bayesian Nonparametric Data Analysis. In International Statistical Review (Vol. 84, Issue 1). https://doi.org/10.1111/insr.12168\
Rathje, E. M., Abrahamson, N. A., & Bray, J. D. (1998). Simplified frequency content estimates of earthquake ground motions. 
\f3\i Journal of Geotechnical and Geoenvironmental Engineering
\f0\i0 , 
\f3\i 124
\f0\i0 (2), 150\'96158. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1061/(asce)1090-0241(1998)124:2(150)"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1061/(asce)1090-0241(1998)124:2(150)}}\
Rathje, E. M., & Saygili, G. (2008). Probabilistic seismic hazard analysis for the sliding displacement of slopes: Scalar and vector approaches. 
\f3\i Journal of Geotechnical and Geoenvironmental Engineering
\f0\i0 , 
\f3\i 134
\f0\i0 (6), 804\'96814. https://doi.org/10.1061/(ASCE)1090-0241(2008)134:6(804)\
Rathje, E. M., Faraj, F., Russell, S., & Bray, J. D. (2004). Empirical Relationships for Frequency Content Parameters of Earthquake Ground Motions. 
\f3\i Earthquake Spectra
\f0\i0 , 
\f3\i 20
\f0\i0 (1), 119\'96144. https://doi.org/10.1193/1.1643356\
Rathje, P. E. M., & Ph, D. (2010). 
\f3\i Ground Motion Prediction Equations and Seismic Hazard Assessment
\f0\i0 . 
\f3\i November
\f0\i0 .\
Ruiz, S., & Saragoni, R. (2002). Formulas De Atenuaci\'f3n Para La Subducci\'f3n De Chile Considerando Los Dos Mecanismos De Sismogenesis y los efectos del Suelo. 
\f3\i Achisina
\f0\i0 , 
\f3\i 1985
\f0\i0 .\
Scherbaum, F., Delavaud, E., & Riggelsen, C. (2009). Model selection in seismic hazard analysis: An information-theoretic perspective. 
\f3\i Bulletin - Seismological Society of America
\f0\i0 , 
\f3\i 99
\f0\i0 (6), 3234\'963247. https://doi.org/10.1785/0120080347\
Shin, G., & Song, O. (2016). A Time-Domain Method to Generate Artificial Time History from a Given Reference Response Spectrum. 
\f3\i Nuclear Engineering and Technology
\f0\i0 , 
\f3\i 48
\f0\i0 (3), 831\'96839. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.net.2016.01.023"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1016/j.net.2016.01.023}}\
Sprent, P., & Smeeton, N. C. (2007). Applied Nonparametric Statistical Methods. \
Tuan, P. D. (1984). a Note on Some Statistics Useful in Identifying the Order of Autoregressive Moving Average Model. Journal of Time Series Analysis, 5(4), 273\'96279. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-9892.1984.tb00393.x\
Vanmarcke, E. H. (1996). Random Process in Earthquake Engineering. 11th World Conference on Earthquake Engineering. \
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 <$Scr_Cs::2>
\f3\i\fs22 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\i0\fs24 <!$Scr_Ps::1><!$Scr_Cs::2>}