{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MVBoli;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24 The contents page should list the different chapters and/or headings together with the page numbers. Your contents page should be presented in such a way that the reader can quickly scan the list of headings and locate a particular part of the report. You may want to number chapter headings and subheadings in addition to providing page references. Whatever numbering system you use, be sure that it is clear and consistent throughout.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 It is useful to provide an alphabetical list of technical terms with a brief, clear description of each term. You can also include in this section explanations of the acronyms, abbreviations or standard units used in your report. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  }{\f1\fs24 List of figures. Include the figure numbers, figure titles, and page numbers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  }{\f1\fs24 List of tables. Include the table numbers, table titles, and page numbers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  }{\f1\fs24 Nomenclature (optional). List unfamiliar terms, symbols, acronyms and their meanings.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Some readers begin by scanning the figures first. The figures, with the legends, should provide a self-explanatory overview of your data. Decide what the data show, then create figures which highlight the most important points of your paper.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Tables are used to present repetitive data that is numerical. Graphs or illustrations, collectively called figures, are used to present numerical trends, raw data (like a picture of a gel), or a model that explains your work.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 When you prepare your figures and tables, keep in mind that it is significantly more expensive for journals to publish figures and tables than text, so try to present the data in a way that is worthy of such added expense. The table below is an example of an ineffective table.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 The information in Table 1 could be presented in one sentence, such as: "In ten experiments carried out at 24\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u176\'B0C, ion flow was detected only in the presence of cortical cells." This is a clearer and more concise way to present the information. In addition, all tables and figures must have numbers, titles and legends.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Legends to the figures and tables explain the elements that appear in the illustration. Conclusions about the data are NOT included in the legends. As you write your first draft, you might state in a short simple sentence what the point of the figure or table is. In later drafts, make sure each element of the figure or table is explained. Your figure legends should be written in the present tense since you are explaining elements that still exist at the time that you are writing the paper.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 - Sections}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 - List of figures}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 - List of tables}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 - Nomenclature}}