{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-BoldItalic;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::2><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs40 Signal Processing \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb200\sa100\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::2><$Scr_Ps::1>
\f3\i\b\fs26 References
\f2\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_Ps::2>
\f2 Giron-Sierra, J. M. (2017). Digital Signal Processing with Matlab Examples, Volume 3. In 
\f4\i Electronics \{&\} Communications Engineering Journal
\f2\i0  (Vol. 5, Issue 1). https://doi.org/10.1007/978-981-10-2540-2\
Andreas Antoniou, P. D. (2018). 
\f4\i Digital Filters: Analysis, Design, and Signal Processing Applications
\f2\i0 . {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.accessengineeringlibrary.com/content/book/9780071846035"}}{\fldrslt https://www.accessengineeringlibrary.com/content/book/9780071846035}}\
L., R. J., Martinez, M., & J.Mu\'f1oz. (n.d.). 
\f4\i Digital Signal Processing with Kernel Methods
\f2\i0 .\
Margrave, G. F. (2006). 
\f4\i Methods of Seismic Data Processing
\f2\i0 .\
Rainer, J. (1986). Applications of the fourier transform to the processing of vibration signals. 
\f4\i Building Research Note
\f2\i0 , 
\f4\i 233
\f2\i0 , 24.\
Stephens, C., & Boore, D. (n.d.). 
\f4\i ANSS / NSMP STRONG-MOTION RECORD PROCESSING AND PROCEDURES
\f2\i0 .\
Boore, D. M., Stephens, C. D., & Joyner, W. B. (2002). 
\f4\i Comments on Baseline Correction of Digital Strong-Motion Data
\f2\i0 \uc0\u8239 
\f4\i : Examples from the 1999 Hector Mine , California , Earthquake
\f2\i0 . 
\f4\i 92
\f2\i0 (4), 1543\'961560.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li640\fi-640\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<!$Scr_Ps::2>
\f5 \
\
\
\
}