{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 MVBoli;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24 The reader wants to know what area of work the report covers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 The ABSTRACT is not a part of the body of the report itself. Rather, the abstract is a brief summary of the report contents that is often separately circulated so potential readers can decide whether to read the report. The abstract should very concisely summarise the whole report: why it was written, what was discovered or developed, and what is claimed to be the significance of the effort. The abstract does not include figures or tables, and only the most significant numerical values or results should be given.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 The summary should briefly describe the content of the report. It should cover the aims of the report, what was found and what, if any, action is called for. Aim for about 1/2 a page in length and avoid detail or discussion; just outline the main points. Remember that the summary is the first thing that is read. It should provide the reader with a clear, helpful overview of the content of the report.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 - Problem: why matter}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 - Main task}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 - Methods}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 - Key results}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 - Interpretation}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 - Conclusion}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 - Key words}}